Update millis.adoc (#698)
arduino/reference-en: Language/Functions/Time/millis.adoc

[float]
=== Notes and Warnings

> Please note that the return value for millis() is of type `unsigned long`, logic errors may occur if a programmer tries to do arithmetic with smaller data types such as `int`. Even signed `long` may encounter errors as its maximum value is half that of its unsigned counterpart. millis() uses timer0's overflow interrupt.

Reviewer: I think it's a great idea to document this. However, I have a question:
Is this true for all architectures officially supported by Arduino?:
- [AVR](https://github.com/arduino/ArduinoCore-avr)
- [megaAVR](https://github.com/arduino/ArduinoCore-megaavr)
- [SAM](https://github.com/arduino/ArduinoCore-sam)
- [SAMD](https://github.com/arduino/ArduinoCore-samd)
- [MBED](https://github.com/arduino/ArduinoCore-nRF528x-mbedos)
- [ARC32](https://github.com/arduino/ArduinoCore-arc32)

We need to be careful to not assume that Arduino == AVR because it's much more than that. 

That said, we don't need to worry about covering 3rd party cores in the Arduino Language Reference. It is the responsibility of their authors to document where there are differences from the official Arduino documentation.

Author: Thanks for your feedback, sorry for my late reply. Indeed this warning seems limited to AVR, megaAVR and SAM(D) architectures, as
-ArduinoCore-arc32 uses (but does not reprogram) TIMER0 which is running at 32MHz,
-ArduinoCore-mbed uses a lowPowerTimer if supported, or a Timer otherwise, and there is no limit on the number of such timers

I rewrote the remark, and would welcome your feedback.

=== Notes and Warnings
Please note that the return value for millis() is of type `unsigned long`, logic errors may occur if a programmer tries to do arithmetic with smaller data types such as `int`. Even signed `long` may encounter errors as its maximum value is half that of its unsigned counterpart.

> On some architectures reconfiguration of timers may result in inaccurate millis() readings. AVR-based architectures program a timer to implement millis(): ArduinoCore-AVR programs TIM0 to generate an interrupt every 16384 clock cycles (clock divider set to 64, overflow every 256 ticks). The same holds for ArduinoCore-mega-AVR, except that it uses TIMx if MILLIS_USER_TIMx (0<=x<=3) is defined. The ArduinoCore-SAM(D) architectures program the Systick timer to generate an interrupt every 1 ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reconfiguration of the microcontroller's timers may result in inaccurate `millis()` readings. The "Arduino AVR Boards" and "Arduino megaAVR Boards" cores use Timer0 to generate `millis()`. The "Arduino ARM (32-bits) Boards" and "Arduino SAMD (32-bits ARM Cortex-M0+) Boards" cores use the SysTick timer.
```

- Reduce unnecessarily technical language to make information more approachable to the target reader
- Use standard formatting for inline code: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arduino/reference-en/master/AsciiDoc_sample/AsciiDoc_Dictionary/AsciiDoc_Template-Dictionary.adoc
  (yes, I know this is not done consistently in the existing content, but we have been trying to improve on that over the recent years)
- Use human friendly boards platform names
- Use "Timer0" and "SysTick" timer names, which seem to be the official way to refer to them in prose:
  - https://onlinedocs.microchip.com/pr/GUID-93DE33AC-A8E1-4DD9-BDA3-C76C7CB80969-en-US-2/index.html?GUID-0BED8014-6B01-47DD-A495-68F9F70287A3
  - https://microchipdeveloper.com/32arm:samd21-systick
